if we say day we waited this
victory since 1932
France has therefore beaten the United States to
term of a final that has reserved us
two great moments of suspense but
also great moments of emotion
before seeing the game forget sampras
this afternoon a synonymous match
exploit
I propose you to savor the victory
in the company of coaching players
and an audience that literally brought
the France team to victory
thiriet's enthusiastic comments
since 3:30
yannick noah did not hold up
suddenly they 'll say that's it's it's
won on every ball yannick will have
energize motivated galvanized guy forget
the team of France returns to the
feats of the musketeers in 32 she
wins the silver salad bowl
forget is on our land at lembras in the
public all require
henri leconte cries like a kid a
incredible emotion fills the stage the
joy happiness
the little ball will have hit very hard
this afternoon in the audience's heart
who has always supported his players
forget seizes the French flag without
no doubt the image of solidarity yoke
copy of this team from France who
all together
dance the African saga
joe tennis the most beautiful time the
most beautiful day of my life j but also
why now
That's good
they dreamed all since their first
racket shots now 7 foot he
the trainings each one of sight touched
this time for sure it's no longer a
true
disappointment on the face of the team
American but fair play their coach will go
even up to congratulate north they are
proud of us, too, to be only
maxime leconte the son of henri wrote
Thursday where he said dad I love you
win the cup for - and you do not
bring home
no doubt this noah's speech
will touch every heart the team of
France today has fulfilled his contract
here and go back without more